---
title: "Daily GameDev Blog - #1"
date: 2024-12-16T12:00:00Z
draft: false
tags: ["aboutus", "blog", "konstantin"]
---
Here we go, bay-bayyyyyy!! First post!

I am Konstantin Lifer and this is my daily games developer blog. I am intended to post my thoughts, insights, experiences and other "useful" stuff about the process of game development here.

But first things first:) Let me introduce myself properly. My name is Konstantin, I a founder and a head of "Lifer Studios". I was born in Russia and lived there for almost 39 years. Me and my family were dreaming of a nomadic life. You know, like a world is your home and a sky is your ceiling, but it took our dictator Vladimir Putin to invade Ukraine and enforce the best version of Orwell's "1984" in Russia for us to finally hit the road and become digital nomads!

So, we lived in Turkey, Armenia, now we live in Montenegro and intend to stay here for another year before moving away to some new places!

I've been a fan of video-games for almost whole my life. That journey started with Doom, I suppose, then there were some other games, and finally Mortal Kombat. That was my true romance, my real love and that had sealed my fate. I became a player. Now I am 40 and I am more than sure that video-games are the ultimate forms of both art and entertainment.

But I was not just playing the games. As long as I remember myself I've been constantly thinking and dreaming on improving the games I know and love, create sequels, prequels, spin-offs, remakes. And at the same time I've been thinking about my own games. So I drawed, I sculpted, I wrote, but at the end of the day time after time I choose another career path. I've been a salesperson, a dentist, a sportsman, a teacher, a couch and I had always been and always will be a businessman.

But games, my own games still lived in my had. And at some point I understood, that until I stop making games inside my head and start actually making them in a real world (at least the world I perceive as the world outside my head), I will never-ever create a game. Even a single game not to say all the games I'd like to release into the universe!

So that how my journey started. Tomorrow I'll tell you more, but for now... Good bye and see you later!